docs: Add SDK Search reference (#1065)
vtex/faststore: docs/docs/reference/sdk/search/Overview.md

Three main files shape the behavior of the `Search` SDK module:
- [`useSearchState`](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/blob/master/packages/sdk/src/search/useSearchState.ts)
- [`serializer`](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/blob/master/packages/sdk/src/search/serializer.ts)
- [`useInfiniteSearchState`](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/blob/master/packages/sdk/src/search/useInfiniteSearchState.ts)
  
### useSearchState

The `useSearchState` file defines the interfaces that describe a faceted search state and the functions that change these states.

The main `State` interface allows you to handle the following variables:

|Argument|Type        |Description|
|--------|------------|---------------------------------------------------|
|`base`  |`string`    | Base URL path for the search context. This is important when the search context is a subset of what the browser is currently showing to the user, like in an internationalized context where your pages are scoped by a `/locale` param like in `/en` or `/pt`|

> |`page`  |`number`    ||

Reviewer: @tlgimenes Can you give a full example for the `base` URL?

Also, we're missing a description for the `page` arg. Is this used for infinite scroll?

Author: what about now?

|`selectedFacets`|`Facet[]`|All selected facets.|
|`sort`  | `SearchSort`|Selected sorting criteria for the search (e.g, ascending/descending price, number of reviews)|
|`term`  |`string`    | Terms of the full text search.|

To change the facet state, the following functions are also available:
- `setFacet` - Select a facet by its key.
- `toggleFacet` - Replace a selected facet by key.

> - `removeFacet` - Remove the selected facet by its value.

Reviewer: @tlgimenes I added the corresponding function names, but I'm not completely if this is correct.

Author: it's ok

### serializer

The `serializer` file handles URL parsing to create a serialized URL for every facet combination.

### useInfiniteSearchState

The `useInfiniteSearchState` file is an optional function you can use to add infinite scroll in your faceted search pages. The `useInfiniteSearchState` file keeps a record of which pages and products have already been displayed to shoppers with the infinite scroll pagination.

## Example

> You can find some examples and boundary conditions [in our tests.](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/tree/master/packages/sdk/test/search)

Reviewer: I felt a bit lost with this example. We talked about `useSearchState`, `serializer` and `useInfiniteSearchState`, but I'm not sure about how to use them in this example.

Reviewer: Also, as an Overview doc, I think we need to talk briefly about what is inside this section:
- SearchProvider
- usePagination
- useSearch

Author: Ok. I did some refactoring on this part, tell me what you think about it

The main `State` interface allows you to handle the following variables:

|Argument|Type        |Description|
|--------|------------|---------------------------------------------------|
|`base`  |`string`    | Base URL path to be ignored by the search context. Use `/en` to ignore the locale specific part of the url on the search context. |
|`page`  |`number`    | Index of the current page in the pagination context. Use `0` if it's the first page in the pagination result. `1` if it's the second and so on. |
|`selectedFacets`|`Facet[]`|All selected facets.|
|`sort`  | `SearchSort`|Selected sorting criteria for the search (e.g, ascending/descending price, number of reviews)|
|`term`  |`string`    | Terms of the full text search.|

To change the facet state, the following functions are also available:
- `setFacet` - Select a facet by its key.
- `toggleFacet` - Replace a selected facet by key.
- `removeFacet` - Remove the selected facet by its value.

### serializer

The `serializer` file handles URL parsing to create a serialized URL for every facet combination.

## Example

> Suppose we want to create a full text search page that renders a checkbox. This checkbox toggles a facet for the brand `faststore`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose we want to create a full-text search page that renders a checkbox, which toggles a facet for the `faststore` brand. To build this feature, we will use the browser's URL to keep the state of the faceted search. Then, whenever someone selects the `faststore` facet, we will redirect them to the corresponding URL, updating the UI and re-rendering the necessary components to display all product items from the `faststore` brand.
```

```tsx
import { SearchProvider, parseSearchState } from '@faststore/sdk'

function Page () {
  const params = useMemo(() => parseSearchState(new URL(window.href)), [])

  return (
    <SearchProvider
      onChange={(url: URL) => window.location.href = url.href}
      itemsPerPage={12}
      {...params}
    >
      <Checkbox />
    </SearchProvider>
  )
}

function Checkbox () {
  const { toggleFacet } = useSession()

  return (
    <input 
      type="checkbox" 
      onChange={() => toggleFacet({key: 'brand', value: 'faststore'})} 
    />
  )
}
```

> The idea here is to use the browser's URL to keep the state of the faceted search. Whenever a new facet is toggled, we navigate the user to this new URL, where the components will re-render, updating the UI. 
> 
> This example has two components. One that is the page itself and a `Checkbox`. The page component uses `parseSearchState` for parsing the search state from the url and using the output into `SearchProvider`. 
> Also, `Page` configures `SearchProvider` for displaying `12` products per page and creates an inline `onChange` function. This function is called whenever someone clicks on the `Checkbox`, and navigates the user to the new url with the facets applied. 
> 
> For a full implementation, please refer to our official starters. Also, you can find more examples and boundary conditions [in our tests.](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/tree/master/packages/sdk/test/search)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example has two components: `Page` and `Checkbox`. 

The `Page` component parses the search state from the browser's URL using `parseSearchState` and provides the parsed output to the `SearchProvider` component. The `SearchProvider` wraps the entire page, providing the necessary context for the Faceted Search.

In this example, the inline `onChange` function defined for the `SearchProvider` component is called whenever someone selects the `Checkbox` to apply a new facet. This function uses the parsed output from `parseSearchState` to redirect users to the new URL corresponding to the recently applied facets. Also, the `itemsPerPage` prop is configured to make the `SearchProvider` display 12 products per page.

For practical examples, please refer to our official starters. Also, you can find more examples and boundary conditions [in our tests.](https://github.com/vtex/faststore/tree/master/packages/sdk/test/search)
```
